Consumer Product Supervisor

Main Responsibility:

• Expand Wing subscriber base through segmentation and analytics of the different key segments for Consumer Business (WAC)
• Reporting and optimizing end to end product profitability, assessing performance and managing the life cycle
• Monitors on a weekly and monthly basis the product performance and develops ways to address any decline in numbers
• Generate campaigns based on targeted segments to drive activity rate and usage

Job Requirements:

• College graduate with knowledge in product management, marketing, end to end project management
• With 2-3 years work experience
• Highly analytical with excellent English skills

-----------------------------------------------------

1- Tell me about yourself?
your name, when and where you grow up, education, work experience and your personal interest. 
Ex: My name is Roitha. I obtain bachelar and master degree in IT at Phnom Penh International University.
I have 11 years working experience. 
Programmer for almost 2 years (1 year 10 months) at K Digital Solutions
6 years (5 years 11 months) at Hello Axiata during that years, I was promoted year by year from Billing officer to Senoir Engineer.
and the last experience is Data Analyst at DMC for 4 years.

2- What are your strength?
  It is self-motivation, I always have 2 phrases in my mind to motivate myself in daily life and work. 
  That two are "Most of the problem always has solution" it ecourage me to do hard word and other one "Keep moving" it help me to doing work. 

3- What are your weaknesses?
  It is Public speaking, but I always try to overcome it by well preparation, practice first, know audience first if possible, go to join early and i have a phrase in my mind "all audiences are human like me".

4- Why should I hire you?
  I have experience with Data Analyst that is suitable with your requirement. 
  I will put all my efforts for the good progress of organization.

5- Where do you see yourself in 5 years? what are your career goals?
  I see myself becoming a true expert and master at my role by do my best, so I hope that I can catch good opportunity to the next level every 2-3 years. 

6- What do you know about our company?
  Wing is leading mobile money service provider in cambodia, Launched in 2009. it has many product such as Money Transfer, Phone Topup, Bill Payment, Online Payment. 
  Wing just change price for money transfer service to competitive one 2000R and also launch new product "Pay with Wing" that can pay purchases by mobile phone. 

7- Why are you looking for a job change? Why do you leave your current company?
  My current company is good. I have learnt a lot of thing from them, but I would like to try more challenge work and your company is a good platform where I can learn more.

8- How well do you handle change?
  I find out what is new in change and compare it with my knowledge. 
  if it require to learn, I will search it in internet or ask people around me. 

9- Do you work well under pressure? how do you work under pressure?
  I try to stay calm by breathe deeply after that I continue what I need to do by priority order.

10- How do you make important decisions?
  I take my experience to analyze pro and cons of that decision and make it to right way

11- Do you have any question to ask me?
  Thanks you for giving this opportunity. 
  What kind of person are you looking for?
  what is job timing and training if I am qualified ?
  Does company have dress code? 
  When do you expect to make a hiring decision?
